a miracle today endurance will Indiana
for women rescued from an underground
apocalypse cult allegedly run by
self-proclaimed Messiah resin Richard
Wayne Gary Wayne for years you were told
by Reverend Richard Wayne Gary Wayne
that the world had ended yes Reverend
Richard told us that there had been a
nuclear apocalypse the first young woman
forced into this cult yes I had waited
and Reverend Richard a bunch of times at
a York steak house I worked at and one
night he invited me out to his car you
joined this cult willingly yes the
Reverend had bought some of my hair on
Craigslist and we started emailing and I
just thought he had some real good ideas
were lured into the Reverend house you
thought this was a job see happy means
I'm not going back what I'm staying here
kymmie that's crazy you have a middle
school education you won't make it here
I have to get my life back
everybody in Burnsville is always gonna
look at me like I'm a victim and that's
not what I am I'm here about the ad
domain and the bill thank God are you
the dog masseuse no ma'am I found your
son Buckley $17 an hour cash under the
table you'll need to sign an NDA and a
DN you'll be staying in my office I will
be very comfortable in here I am one of
the indie animal women from the news why
didn't you tell me cuz I just want to be
a normal person my name is Ronald
Wilkerson I came here in 1998 on a damn
bus from Chickasaw County Mississippi
I'm sorry does one of you live here mrs.
Voorhees didn't tell me that she had a
daughter Jacqueline I'm her stepdaughter
and your wife the new Hyun Jung I'm
Kimmy and I'm going to have to tell your
stepmother that you were drinking no you
don't I'm 15 and I'm pretty much your
boss me I think my marriage is falling
apart it was supposed to be a two-week
trip but Julian's been gone for two
months city pokorny from the bunker
Cindy hey I should come visit you
somewhere
you at least tell me where your family's
from why can't my own parents understand
it just want to be somebody this feels
like goodbye fine if that's how you feel
[Music]
goodbye he's my boyfriend oh I'm so
sorry I just assumed it's okay Kimmy I'm
Brandon so call us and say we're more
women what no I don't tell anyone about
that really
Kimmy that's crazy because when people
find out you're a mole woman they feel
bad for you and they give you free stuff
is that what you do interns Valdez Cindy
Cindy Pokorny Brandon is gay
Cindy he likes men gay trying to ruin
this I'm not I'm trying to protect you
as always
dang it Kimmy I know what I'm doing geez
you think I don't notice Brandon's tooth
whitening strips or how he's always
talking about ancient Greece and how
things were different than that this
isn't love he just feels sorry for you
your whole life in Dern's Ville is just
people feeling sorry for you who cares
I'm happy sorry to bother you but well
last couple of days I've been asking
myself some tough questions about how I
treat women hola you want to go out for
a drink sometime are you asking me out
you taste a little Bob the Builder you
can handle this yet call me in 10 years
part of me is jealous of you cuz you
really do have everything you want you
just took a shortcut to get there and I
can't do it that way and I know where
I'm gonna start
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm here to enroll into eighth grade I
want to transfer to another GED class
another Hollywood you've got the one if
I'm gonna pass a GED I need a real
teacher we just have to do what Jake
Taylor said what's that pass the whole
fudging test no so we work it together
for the common good the same way Vietnam
when the wall of American aggression
yes but read the room Don Julian Rommel
Voorhees
Jacqueline what are you doing in Beijing
I've been here for two weeks waiting for
you to get back from wherever you got
that tag I think I'm having an affair
you've done it before with you and that
was different my first 150 I know you
want me to sing for money yep
Kimmy I've sung for alcohol and for
pizza and more than once to get my shoes
back but I've never sung for money
before knock come here you're not too
big to give your father a firm
businesslike handshake you're looking
well always a pleasure I'm Logan by the
way how's my Kimberly charmed toned
raise a glass to you go 3,000
my name is you go I can dance for you I
just wanted to introduce myself
you're the singer from the party you're
scary
you can sing you're perfect I've got
just the role for you at my restaurant
I'm singing on Ravi
I don't know what brought you in here
today but if it's about infidelity I
would have to say is your therapist to
just be cool about it
damn it Barbara people get divorced all
the time like my friend Mimi can ask
well I'm off to Professor Dracula's
spooky laboratory and bar and grill cool
you're a werewolf like in the Bible I
don't have time to tutor
anybody I really have time to study at
all because I work at three ships if I
take some of your deliveries maybe you'd
have some free time and we could study
together it would be nice to have some
help
delivering Chinese food oh there can be
depressing happy birthday honey I hate
you Kimmy hey that's no way to talk to
your sister sister who are you I'm Randy
Peterson and I was the lead detective on
your case so you know my mother who
shocker didn't show up today nor I'm
married to her and I would have made
sure she was here today but I don't know
where she took off again again she had
another daughter this is your sister
Jamie because give me a special to me
no I know I've been watching you all
night staring at her all excited like a
little boy who just pick the lock on his
daddy's job per armoire this is not fun
for me I mean looking down to a fight
with Don because Don likes me you're my
boyfriend
dong is just my friend but he wants more
than that he wants to shoot baby soup I
know so I will tell him that I picked
you you have to do more than that you
need to cut him off completely we are
here today to discuss the terms of the
divorce of Julian and Jaclyn Voorhees
thank you for joining me I know you're
both very busy Forrest why would you
tell Jacqueline to divorce my dad now
she's stripping our Hamptons house for
copper wire and I have to go live in
Connecticut with my mom and Roger in
there gross baby immigration invaded the
restaurant they took everyone cooks
waiters dishwashers I was out on a
delivery or else they were it got me too
not only do I think it will be good for
Zam's be in Connecticut I think it'll be
good for Connecticut to have Sam
I'm gonna get you back for this I don't
think I can just be your friend what are
you saying I can't pretend I don't have
feelings for you anymore I'm sorry do
you know about the immigration thing all
right look I'm not ashamed to admit it
I called them what Kimi that man
attacked me and he was in the country
illegally daddy said I should tell
that's horrible I want you to leave
you're kind and you're funny and both
our names mean penis and I don't want to
be your friend either because I like you
I mean I like you
[Music]
so you'll stay I want to immigration is
looking for me so the police 15 years to
find the reverence trial is starting and
they called me as a witness what
talented on I mean watch al-azhar on I'm
trying to say something supported us
estoy muy contento gay Sarah Justicia kr
de se como me nueva salsa picante male
this trial is a sham
the Reverend only has to answer to gosh
himself the only thing I'm guilty of is
trying to save these girls from the end
of days I just done goofed up the math
and got the date wrong you gotta get
here I'm supposed to testify tomorrow
and you know how tricky the Reverend is
and our lawyers don't seem to know what
the heck they're doing because what we
have to do right now is gonna be really
hard what are you talking about we're
going back to the bunker Kurt the bunker
yeah
[Music]
it's here it's all still here
you're on the air
can you hear me now mister and Ramadan
the poor thing that goony simpleton
needs me I got a car in the divorce
maybe although trip is exactly what I
need right now are you even still my
agent I haven't heard from you in months
Jewish holidays listen T I saw that
thing you did on the news and third you
are blowing up you went by Rome
[Music]
I should be home right now bawling
asleep while Brandon just CrossFit no
you don't I'm speaking in English see
you at the end o perfectamente I learned
English like two years in hey mr. Trump
my name is Richard Wayne and I want to
be the next you're a princess what was
the date of the Apocalypse again June 6
2006 you taped your audition for The
Apprentice on June 5th 2006 really
believed the world was going to end the
next day then why in the ham sandwich
were you trying to get on next season's
apprentice awesome season I mean it was
the return of Omarosa you're not bad at
math sir you're just bad you never
believed in anything shut your mouth
Schmidt I was so afraid of being alone
that I went on a road trip with this
woman
Lilly and by the way
killing pleasure but then a wolf helped
me beat up a bunch of teenagers a wolf
in the lakota tradition the wolf
represents family and I realized that's
where I have to go why didn't you call
me back wow it's a long story
but here goes immigration found me again
ahead in no choice no choice
mister when the last time I said you can
now kiss the bride
I thought you think speaking of weddings
Kimmy
this is Vonda my wife
[Music]
you